added solutions for week 4 quiz (#11)
ABCD-ReproNim/exercises: week_4/week_4_quiz.md

- [ ] 198
- [ ] 50
- [ ] 310

<details>
<summary>Click to see answer</summary>

Both R and Python can be used to solve this problem and get the answer for the sample size of ONE of the groups, i.e. to get the final 
answer, we need to multiply the answer by two since we know the groups are equally sized. 

**Solution in Python**

```
> from statsmodels.stats.power import tt_ind_solve_power
> tt_ind_solve_power(effect_size=0.4, alpha=0.05, power=0.8, alternative='two-sided')
99.08032683981143
```

Note: The [statsmodels](https://www.statsmodels.org/stable/index.html) package is a really handy Python library for all 
sorts of statistical modelling. The `tt_ind_solve_power` function allows you to solve for any parameter 
of the power of a two sample t-test so long as the other parameters are provided. As with the analogous R function, 
the value returned for `n` is the sample size for one of the groups.

**Solution in R**
```
> library(pwr)
> pwr.t.test(d=0.4, power=0.8, sig.level=0.05)
    Two-sample t test power calculation 
            n = 99.08032
            d = 0.4
    sig.level = 0.05
            power = 0.8
    alternative = two.sided
NOTE: n is number in *each* group
```

> Note: In R the `pwr` the library can be used in much the same way that the `tt_ind_solve_power` from `statsmodels` is used. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: In R the `pwr` library can be used in much the same way that the `stats.power` submodule from `statsmodels` is used. 
```

Since the original description maps a general library to a specific function.
